README.md, before:

PiGen
=====
##What is PiGen?
- PiGen is a Pi Generator which you'll ♡
- It's build with vanilla Javascript
- There are the follow four modes available

###Standard Mode
In the Standard Mode, you can display a certain number of digits of pi.
###Time Mode
You want to display digits with a time interval? Here you're right. Have Fun with this mode. You can also challenge him. Are you faster than PiGen?
###Guess Mode
If you are nerd enough and learnd some digitis of pi, you'll enjoy this mode. Here are the honor stages:
- Traveling Entertainer   --  100 Points
- Brave Squire                --  10'000 Points 
- Glory Knight                 --  55'000 Points
- Imperious Monarch      --  500'000 Points
- Emperor of Pi               -- 1'000'000 Points

###Image Mode
I don't think that you ever saw a real image of pi. You can see the original Pi-Image. There's an opportunity to personalize the Pi-Image! So check it out

##Where is PiGen?
You can find PiGen on http://tdpgamma.freeiz.com

##Contact
Find me on:
My Homepage: tobias-peter.com
Email: tobias.peter@bluewin.ch
Twitter: @_tobiaspeter
Instagram: Starvinho

##License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright © 2013 Tobias David Peter

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Beta.084 Fix Update
Fix Update Beta.084 Version

README.md, after:

PiGen
=====
##What is PiGen?
- PiGen is a Pi Generator which you'll ♡
- It's build with vanilla Javascript
- There are the follow four modes available

###Standard Mode
In the Standard Mode, you can display a certain number of digits of pi.
###Time Mode
You want to display digits with a time interval? Here you're right. Have Fun with this mode. You can also challenge him. Are you faster than PiGen?
###Guess Mode
If you are nerd enough and learnd some digitis of pi, you'll enjoy this mode. Here are the honor stages:
- Traveling Entertainer   --  100 Points
- Brave Squire                --  10'000 Points 
- Glory Knight                 --  55'000 Points
- Imperious Monarch      --  500'000 Points
- Emperor of Pi               -- 1'000'000 Points

###Image Mode
I don't think that you ever saw a real image of pi. You can see the original Pi-Image. There's an opportunity to personalize the Pi-Image! So check it out

##Where is PiGen?
You can find PiGen on http://tdpgamma.freeiz.com

##Contact
Find me on:
My Homepage: tobias-peter.com
Email: tobias.peter@bluewin.ch
Twitter: @_tobiaspeter
Instagram: Starvinho

##License

DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE 
Version 2, December 2004 

Copyright (C) 2013 Tobias David Peter <tobias.peter@bluewin.ch> 

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified 
copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long 
as the name is changed. 

DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION 

0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.
